{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24580\viewh20040\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs34 \cf0 I warmly thank you for the quick and insightful review of our paper and for pointing out the relevant literature which was not included in the reference list in the first place. Your comments and suggestions have been very helpful to improve the manuscript. I'm well aware that all responses to a referee report begin with an acknowledgement like the present one, but I want to say that I really mean what I'm writing now. I'll be more specific in a few lines. \
\
The name "ellicular" has been removed from the paper. We now refer to these galaxies as "intermediate-scale disk galaxies". A link to disky ellipticals is mentioned in the Introduction, although we prefer using the term "intermediate-scale disk galaxies" because the focus of this paper is about their bulge/disk decomposition and not about their morphology. Some "intermediate-scale disk galaxies" have been classified as E(d) and others have been misclassified as lenticulars. \
\
Coming to the specific comments, it's been my immense pleasure to see that all of your concerns - except the first point - are about section 4.2 (which has now become section 4.1 in the revised version). What I'm about to write is not exactly canonical, but you'll see that I don't really have a choice. I'm a PhD student at the end of my PhD course. I'm writing the publications that will become part of my thesis. This paper is one of them. The second author of this paper is my PhD supervisor, Prof. Alister Graham. The content of the manuscript that you have carefully reviewed is entirely my own work, except for some contributions in the Introduction, the entire section 4.2 and Figure 6. These three items were written and added by Prof. Alister Graham against my will. I opposed to having Section 4.2 in my paper several times, but, as you can imagine, when the first author is a student and the second author is a supervisor, it can happen that the last word is of the second author. I agree with all that you have written against that section, plus I also think that it's totally inappropriate for this paper, and I strongly want to leave it out. Unfortunately, that's not how things have gone. Prof. Graham has rewritten that section, added more references, added new items in the Introduction to support the introduction of his own classification scheme (Figure 6), and refused to provide a response to your specific comments. I am telling you this because I would like you to know that there is an internal conflict among the authors of this paper. Normally the first author would have the last word, but I'm in a very complicated situation because I'm dealing with a person that is not capable of normal social interactions and does not allow his student to practice independent scientific thinking. I am now dealing with these issues with the PhD coordinators of my institute, but as you can imagine it's a delicate problem and requires some time to be fixed. I can't afford to wait months before being assigned to a different supervisor and then being able to re-submit this paper without Prof. Graham's contribution, therefore I'm obligated to re-submit a version of the paper that includes the incriminated section and related items. As a confidential note, I please ask you to understand my difficult situation. }